docs(astro): Add multi-framework example for $session and $sessionListStore (#1443)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/references/astro/session-store.mdx

# `$sessionStore`

> The `$sessionStore` store provides a convenient way to access the current user's [`Session`](https://clerk.com/docs/references/javascript/session) object, as well as helpers for setting the active session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `$sessionStore` store provides a convenient way to access the current user's [`Session`](/docs/references/javascript/session){{ target: '_blank' }} object, as well as helpers for setting the active session.
```
